[train whistle]
minutetech:
the trains here, i think we should start going
so how are you feeling about going to whitepine?
ivory:
uhm... i don't know
minutetech:
okay i see... you do know what happening though, right?
ivory:
yes
minutetech:
good, good
the uh, the ride to emberton will take pretty long
minutetech:
so i'd sight tight, alright? but in the meantime
i'll see if i can find a book or something for you to read
minutetech:
it's better to keep your mind occupied
clownpierce:
so you are... ivy, correct?
ivory:
ivory, sir
clownpierce:
ivory. so where do you come from?
minutetech:
i um, i found her up near gristle
clownpierce:
oh yeah, no i remember, i was just... making conversation
you worked any jobs before?
ivory:
yes, sir
clownpierce:
any jobs in servitude?
ivory:
no, sir
clownpierce:
alright, so the owners of this house are all the hemlocke family
are you willing to care for them and prioritize their every need
clownpierce:
as a maid of this household?
ivory:
yes sir
clownpierce:
thank you, you can step outside now and wait in the foyer for now
[muffled] minutetech:
just so you know she may have a bit of trouble learning things around here
i told her to read a book just on the train
[muffled] minutetech:
and she took that as staying up all night to finish the whole thing
maybe use a bit of care with your explanations, or she might take them too literally
[muffled] clownpierce:
minute- i thought i was receiving a normal, disciplined worker
[muffled] minutetech:
oh no she's disciplined and seems to be a very hard worker...
i just fear she may have had something in her past or something that made her a bit stunted...
[muffled] minutetech:
not working wise
[muffled] clownpierce:
well i wasn't prepared for this, why didn't you say that before?
i need people who can follow orders, and not be overly needy
[muffled] minutetech:
i wouldn't worry, i actually think she'll be perfect
and if she has a hard time understanding at first, you can whip her into shape i'm sure
[muffled] minutetech:
she really needs something stable, y'know?
you aren't going to throw her out are you...?
[muffled] clownpierce:
calm down. the hemlockes are already expecting her i wouldn't do anything now
i just wish you would have told me sooner
clownpierce:
to the right is the laundry room, get used to being here
and remember, the machines are for the hemlockes clothes
clownpierce:
the washboards are for the servants, do not mix them up
this is the entry, to store any winter garments and such
clownpierce:
and this is the kitchen. it's going to be very busy usually, so don't get in anyone's way
here's the showers, you're required to shower every day
clownpierce:
this is your room, you'll be bunking with another servant named serapter.
you're required to wear a uniform at all times
clownpierce:
unless it is a holiday, or given permission. get changed and meet me downstairs
alright, this is the new worker, um, she needs training
clownpierce:
so, just let her shadow you and, just... show her the ropes today
until i say otherwise
serapter:
o-okay, i don't know how to train people though
clownpierce:
do as you're told serapter, i'll be in my offic-
serapter:
alright, jeez...
well um, nice to meet you. i'm serapter
ivory:
nice to meet you as well, sir raptor. i'm ivory
serapter:
listen, don't worry about clown, he's just... he's just a stick in the mud
it's like its his job to be like that...
ivory:
i-i don't mind
serapter:
and- i'm not even really sure what to train you on...
i mostly just clean and... help the kitchen staff in the mornings
serapter:
man i am not qualified for this
ivory:
i won't get in the way
serapter:
so... i'm just in charge of like, usually just dusting everything
and making everything look neat before the hemlockes wake up
ivory:
uh- when does the family usually wake up?
serapter:
well, i'd say around 10 or 11. y'know, so, we have plenty of time usually
ivory:
understood
serapter:
um, i-i guess i'll show you how we dust... it's nothing fancy honestly
if clown was here he'd want you to use like, a damp cloth with like,
serapter:
soap or something afterwards i don't know... uhh that's too much honestly
y'know you only really need a duster, really, like, it's called dusting
serapter:
just, make sure you work in one direction and like, push the dust if that makes sense
so uh... you got it?
ivory:
yes, sir
serapter:
okay! uh, let's just do the bookshelves
uh, i'll start on the left side and you start over here, okay?
ivory:
i don't have a duster
serapter:
ssssshoot-
hey mysty, do you know where any spare dusters are?
mysticat:
yeah they're in the upstairs closet
oh! hey there... new person?
serapter:
why would they put it upstairs?
mysticat:
well nice to meet you, i suppose mr. pierce didn't bother introducing you to the staff...
ivory:
nice to meet you too ma'am
serapter:
eauuh everyone's pretty busy right now, we can do that stuff like,
after lunch or something. come on ivory, forward march!
ivory:
ok
mysticat:
see you around!
serapter:
should be in here somewhere... this is so stupid
ivory:
yes sir
serapter:
and why do you keep calling me sir?
ivory:
isn't that your name?
serapter:
...what?
ivory:
uh- forgive me... isn't your name sir raptor?
serapter:
yeah
ohhh... no no, it's not sir raptor, it's just... serapter
serapter:
...serapter-
um, this is the dining room. just make sure all the chairs are straight,
serapter:
and, just everything off i guess
go top down so we don't have to re-dust everything
ivory
yes si-
serapter:
bet you never been in a room this fancy
i mean this might be the best looking personal dining room, in all of hale.
[table creaks, silverware clinks]
serapter:
hey hey hey! no no no- get down! what the hell?
ivory:
s-sorry, sir
serapter:
not the chandelier!
ivory:
m-m-my apologies, i m-misunderstood
serapter:
no it's okay just, don't do that again, alright?
ivory:
ok
serapter:
just dust things within your reach, and no
standing on anything, unless it's a ladder
ivory:
yes sir
serapter:
oh- don't clean the stuff in this corner, it's vi's
and he'll kill us if it's out of line
ivory:
okay. what's this room used for?
serapter:
oh it's- not really used anymore
this used to be where mrs. hemlocke would play the piano i think?
serapter:
he's one of the hemlock kids, sir zombie hemlocke is the father.
and he's got a bunch of grown up kids that, pretty much just
serapter:
sit around and they have tea parties, y'know
they don't make that much of a mess though, thankfully. it's easier than my last job-
serapter:
say... you don't talk that much do you?
ivory:
oh, uh...
serapter:
you aren't- upset with my or anything right?
you just seem a bit, yknow. i just don't want to bother you with all my blabbering or anything-
ivory:
n-no, no, i uh...
ivory
uh- m-my... i'm just, not very good at talking
serapter:
ah...
ivory:
p-please keep talking. i-i like it
sorry, my... my- sorry
serapter:
oh no- it's ok i get it. yeah, that's alright you're one of those introverted types i guess
you're ok with me talking?
ivory:
mm
serapter:
yeah no problem no problem [clears throat]
serapter
you know, we're pretty much done with everything in the house...
serapter:
i could show you around some of the good room while the hemlockes are still sleeping
ivory:
ok
serapter:
it's an old sewing room or something, i haven't seen it in use since i've been here
[sniff] smells good in here though...
serapter:
here we go, this is the good stuff.
they have so many clothes in here they just never use
ivory:
um... is that okay?
serapter:
they ain't using em'
trust me, nobody comes in here ever. i swear there's gotta be an entire wardrobe in here
serapter:
ahhh i see it i see it! oh my god...
ivory:
are these... awards?
serapter:
yeah. but, y'know, who else in emberton's gonna win them?
ivory:
i don't know
serapter:
you ain't from emberton?
ivory:
no
serapter:
redhill i'm guessin'? damn i've always wondered what it's like in other
parts of the county. it must be pretty warm...
serapter:
how do i look?
ivory:
good
serapter:
damn
ivory:
no- no you do!
serapter:
[chuckle] i'm just playing with you dawg
ivory:
oh, i see...
serapter:
c'mon there's an even better room down the hallway-
[sink turning on]
pyroscythe:
[muffled vomiting]
[door opens]
mysticat:
sir! i didn't know you were awake- i'm so sorry, i'll make the fire right away
pyroscythe:
hey! uh, no it's fine. it's a pretty warm day, don't worry about it
i don't usually wake up this early, anyways
mysticat:
did you have a... bad dream?
pyroscythe:
ehhh...
mysticat:
are you sure you're ok? is there anything you need, sir?
pyroscythe:
no, no i think i'm fine. maybe a- maybe a coffee, actually
just uh... black
mysticat:
i'll have it right up
pyroscythe:
thank you mysty
[deep breath]
serapter:
this is where zombie keeps his favorite drinks, some have got to be like
20 years old by this point... want some?
ivory:
...no
serapter:
[chuckle] yeah i didn't think so
don't ever say yes, if anyone asks you that by the way. at least on the job
ivory:
okay, i won't
serapter:
we ain't supposed to be in here, but... i love the smell of this place
it's kinda like grape juice-
ivory:
what? why are we in here?
serapter:
it's fine, don't worry about it
ivory:
won't the hemlockes be angry with us? we should leave
serapter:
alrigh- ok ok calm down
ivory:
ok let's go
serapter:
oof-
ivory:
oh!
serapter:
ow...
ivory:
a-are you ok sir?
serapter:
it's serapt-
hhhey mr. hemlocke...
pyroscythe:
[laughs] go on now
get a move on before someone else sees ya'
serapter:
oh- uh, thank you, sorry
damn, he wasn't supposed to be awake yet...
ivory:
who was that?
serapter:
he's the oldest sibling. "sir pyroscythe hemlocke"
its okay though, he's pretty chill. thank god...
prince zam:
hey, pyro. there's gonna a hunt tomorrow, uh you wanna come?
pyroscythe:
mmm.... maybe, i don't know
prince zam:
suit yourself, i guess... it's gonna be happening at lucas's place
loppezz:
here you go, sir
prince zam:
thanks!
vi:
izzy! i fixed the telescope, um, were you gonna try it?
izzy:
[sigh] not today vi
vi:
aw
muu:
is dad going to eat with us today?
izzy:
maybe not
pyroscythe:
mm, speak of the devil...
zombiedwarf:
good morning!
all:
good morning~
mornin'
good morning.
clownpierce:
serapter, i'm going to need you and ash to come with me to get the shipment
serapter:
aight, um... what about ivory?
clownpierce:
she can take a break until we get back. you've shown her how to do things, right?
serapter
yeah. well, i mean, i didn't show her like, everything...
clownpierce:
alright, you're dismissed. don't leave the servant's side of the house, ok?
ivory:
oh! sorry
ivo:
oh- pardon me
nice to uh... nice to meet you-
ivory:
um sir, is it okay if i go outside?
ivo:
uhh sure, i'm... just a butler...
clownpierce:
[muffled] well, it's being unloaded right now
izzy:
[muffled] okay, uhm, you checked for everything, right?
clownpierce:
[muffled] yeah it was all there, i wasn't expecting you though...
[muffled] i told the boys to go ahead and deliver it to your room, my apologies
izzy:
ah, no that's- that's okay...
clownpierce:
can i help you, ivory?
ivory:
oh uh, pardon me. welcome back, sir... i saw there was an old piano in the basement
i was... wondering if i could play it?
clownpierce:
no
ivory:
okay, sorry, sir
izzy:
wait, no- she can play it
clownpierce:
what?
izzy:
it's fine, nobody plays that thing anyways... let her have fun
clownpierce:
okay then... no playing while on the job. don't be noisy, and thank izzy here
ivory:
thank you very much
serapter:
just uh, shake the dust outta your duster and, we can put these back
ivory:
okay
serapter:
ivory?
ivory:
...yeah
[muffled talking talking]
ross:
hey! who's this?
serapter:
yeah that's uh the new girl, ivory
ross:
well my my aren't you a fresh young face?
nice to meet you! i'm ross by the way
ivory:
nice to meet you
ross:
i don't suppose you've been introduced to the staff yet?
ivory:
no
ross:
oh, well then, let's introduce 'ya! [whistles]
serapter:
this is gonna be really awkward...
ross:
hey everyone! this is our new co-worker ivy!
ivory:
[hushed] ivory
ross:
ivory! let's all give her a warm welcome
everyone:
hello!
what's up
hi~
ross:
so uh, this is ash, and i'm sure you've met mr. pierce by now...
that's kantje, bit, ivo, div, maddy, loppezz and mysty!
ivory:
nice to meet you all
serapter:
your night clothes are in here, this is your side of the wardrobe, and this is mine, alright?
there's also extra space, for your items and extra clothing. you got anything to bring in?
ivory:
no
serapter:
nothing?
ivory:
well, i had the clothes that mr. minutetech gave me... but they're being washed right now
serapter:
damn, uh, that's ok. more space for new things i guess...
i haven't had a bunkie in a while, so uh, sorry if i snore or anything
ivory:
i don't mind
serapter:
aight
ivory:
which bed do i sleep in?
serapter:
um... uh, the lower one
ivory:
thank you
serapter:
y-you're welcome?
so what'd you get up to while i was in town?
ivory:
mm... i stayed in the servant's side of the house
and, i found an old piano in the basement
serapter:
oh yeah, the piano's down there...
i honestly don't go down there that much, i usually get div to go down there for me
serapter:
if i need something. it gives me the creeps
ivory:
the piano?
serapter:
no [chuckle] just, the basement
ivory:
i see
serapter:
but you can play piano? sick, did you play anything?
ivory:
no. mr. pierce said i was only permitted to when i'm off work
serapter:
oh, that's not much time...
ivory:
mmm... what's the earliest time that we're allowed to leave the dorms?
serapter:
uh, i don't know.... like, 6?
i don't know if there's a specific time
ivory:
i see... thank you
clownpierce:
ivory?
ivory:
yes sir?
clownpierce:
i was told you didn't attend lunch yesterday, that right?
ivory:
lunch?
clownpierce:
yes. it's 2 PM every day
where were you?
ivory:
i-i was staying in the servant's side of the house, sir
clownpierce:
you- you're allowed to eat lunch without me telling you to, alright?
try to read between the lines
ivory:
yes sir, my apologies
clownpierce:
you need to eat lunch every day, we can't have anyone losing strength on us, understood?
ivory:
yes sir, sorry sir
clownpierce:
ok good. now come with me, we need to sort the mail
ivory:
yes sir
sir, where do i put this letter? it's from the 'honors emberton libertarian party'
clownpierce:
give that one to me, i'll take care of it
hey div! put those glasses down and help kantje
div_y:
got it!
[muffled scream]
[louder scream]
[everyone stops talking]
[thundering footsteps]
[all audio fades out]
[audio fades back in and everyone is panicking]
bit otter:
WHAT THE HECK?
pyroscythe:
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
clownpierce:
HAS ANYONE CALLED THE POLICE YET?
pyroscythe:
OH GOD... NOOOO AUGH--
[sobbing]
ashswag:
GET AWAY, GET THE HELL AWAY DON'T GET ANY CLOSER
ross:
it's gonna be ok, it's gonna be ok, oh god...
maddy:
[hyperventilating, choking]
vi:
[vomiting]
pyroscythe:
NONO NO  WHY.. MYSTY- AUGH
ivo:
OH MY GOD
loppezz:
NONONONOooo
kantje:
[choking]
clownpierce:
ASH, GO GET MR HEMLOCKE. GUYS DON'T TOUCH IT, GET BACK
[hyperventilating, crying]
LETS GIVE BIG HAND TO ALL THE AMAZING
VOICE ACTORS!!!!!
THIS WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN ABLE TO HAPPEN WITHOUT THEM!!!
FOLLOW THEIR SOCIAL MEDIAS!!!
RESPECT THEIR BOUNDARIES + PRONOUNS
(just because some people were "maids" or "butlers" doesn't mean that they are a man or a woman, go check their pronouns!)
thank you for watching episode 1
i've been making this for the past almost 2 years...
i'm so grateful to everyone <3
thank you